- "_TID" is the task ID (an underscore followed by 3 alphanumeric characters).
- "LNG" is the file extension of a programming language (cpp or java or py).
- "SID" is the placeholder for a student ID.

- Enable file name extension view in file explorer.

- Read the task statement from "_TID_Task.md".
    - Find the input/output formats and their examples.
    - Find the forbidden words and scoring distribution and constraints.
    - Find the time limit and hints.

- Write your code in "Solution.LNG".
    - Do not use any of the forbidden words in your code.
    - Do not use any external library (such as numpy) in your code.
    - Write your code in a way such that it takes input only from stdin and
        gives output only to stdout.
    - Write your code in a way such that it exits with a return code of 0 after
        all operations are finished.
- Do not edit any of the other given files.

- Run "_TID_Checker.bat" to check the tentative score of your solution.
    - One of the ways to run this file is from a terminal using the command
        "_TID_Checker.bat" (after changing to the correct directory).
    - After running this file a tentative score is given in a range of 0 to 1
        and some files are generated.
    - A copy of the stdin forwarded to your code in the X'th batch is flushed
        into "inpX.txt".
    - A copy of the stdout generated by your code in the X'th batch is flushed
        into "outX.txt".
    - Your best scoring solution is updated automatically in "_TID_SID.LNG".
    - You can read any of the generated files aiming to improve your solution
        but do not try to edit them.
- Do not delete any of the given files.